README.md, before:

---
summary: 'Write up the reasons why your final project demonstrates everything learned this term.'
time: '20 minutes'
deliverables: '3–5 sentences'
submit: 'https://brightspace.algonquincollege.com/'
---

# Request for grade

## Overview

Since the goal of this project is to prove to me that you can do everything learned this term I want a written statement denoting your proof—and a grade you think you deserve.

The written explanation should be a list of things we learned this term that you applied to your website. **Most importantly how and why your website proves you can do the things we learned this term.** Explain to me **why** you deserve the grade you chose for yourself.

- Give yourself a grade for the project: F, C, B, A, A+
- Write an explanation as to why the website shows you’ve learned and can apply everything from the term.
- Be honest with yourself and with me (I’ll notice if you’re not)

**I will read your explanation while looking over your websites. If your feedback is honest and just, you will receive the mark you chose.**

---

## Hand in

Submit your paragraph to the final project assignment online. There’s a text field you can paste into.

Commit message:

Clarify requirements and change submission to an Issue

README.md, after:

---
summary: 'Write up the reasons why your final project demonstrates everything learned this term.'
time: '20 minutes'
deliverables: '3–5 sentences'
---

# Request for grade

## Overview

Since the goal of this project is to prove to me that you can do everything learned this term I want a written statement denoting your proof—and a grade you think you deserve.

The written explanation should be a list of things we learned this term that you applied to your website—and a rationale on your experience.

**Most importantly how and why your website proves you can do the things we learned this term & the struggles you overcame to apply those techniques.** Explain to me **why** you deserve the grade you chose for yourself.

- **Write about the things you struggled with & the things you overcame.**
- *Write about how you applied this term’s materials in unique and useful ways.*
- Give yourself a grade for the project: F, C, B, A, A+<br>
- Write an explanation as to why the website shows you’ve learned and can apply everything from the term.
- Be honest with yourself and with me (I’ll notice if you’re not)

**I will read your explanation while looking over your websites. If your feedback is honest and just, you will receive the mark you chose.**

---

## Hand in

Submit your paragraph as an Issue on GitHub, attached to the `confectionery-website-prototype` repository.
